Clean up README. (#1717)
exercism/go: README.md

- **fizzbuzz.go** - A _stub file_, in some early exercises to give users a starting point.

- **fizzbuzz_test.go** - The main test file for the exercise.

- **.meta/** - Contains files not to be included when a user fetches an
  exercise: See also [ignored files](#ignored-files).

- **.meta/description.md** - Use to generate a [track specific description](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/language-tracks/exercises/anatomy/readmes.md) of the exercise in the exercise's README.

- **.meta/gen.go** - Generates `cases_test.go` when present.
  See also [generating test cases](#generating-test-cases).

- **.meta/hints.md** - Use to add track specific information in addition to the generic exercise's problem-specification description in the README.

- **.meta/metadata.yml** - Track specific exercise metadata, overrides the exercise metadata from the problem-specifications repository.

In some exercises there can be extra files, for instance the [series](exercises/series/) exercise contains extra test files.

### Ignored files

When a user fetches an exercise, they do not need to get all the files within an
exercise directory. For instance; the _example.go_ files that contain an

> example solution, or the _gen.go_ files used to generate an exercise's test

Reviewer: This should be a single line, right?

cases. Therefore there are certain files and directories that are ignored when
an exercise is fetched. These are:

- The _.meta_ directory and anything within it.
- Any file that matches the `ignore_pattern` defined in [config.json file](/config.json).

>   This currently matches any filename that contains the word `example`, **unless**
>   it is followed by the word `test`, with any number of characters inbetween.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This currently matches any filename that contains the word `example`, _unless_ it is followed by the word `test`, with any number of characters in between.
```

### Example solutions

> _example.go_ is a reference solution. It is a valid solution that [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/exercism/go), the CI (continuous integration) service, can run tests against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_example.go_ is a reference solution.
It is a valid solution that the CI (continuous integration) service can run tests against.
```
